Initial documentation (#18)
bcdev/zappend: docs/guide.md

according to

```python
  add_offset = memory_value_min
  scale_factor = (memory_value_max - memory_value_min) / (2 ** num_bits - 1)
```

with `num_bits` being the number of bits for the integer type to be used.

#### Compression

Data compression is specified by the `compressor` setting, optionally paired with the
`filters` setting: 

```json
{
    "variables": {
        "chl": { 
            "encoding": {
                "compressor": {},
                "filters": []
            }
        }
    }
}
```

By default, `zappend` uses default the default `blosc` compressor of Zarr, if not 
specified. To explicitly disable compression you must set the `compressor` to `None` 
(`null` in JSON).

The usage of compressors and filters is best explained in dedicated sections of the 
[Zarr Tutorial](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial.html), namely 
[_Compressors_](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial.html#compressors) and 
[_Filters_](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial.html#filters).

## Data I/O

This section describes the configuration of how data is read and written.

All input and output can be configured to take place in different filesystem. To 

> specify a filesystem other than the local one, you can use URIs and URLs for path 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specify a filesystem other than the local one, you can use URIs for path 
```

Redunant, since every URL is a URI.

configuration settings such `target_dir` and `temp_dir` as well as for the slice 
dataset paths. The filesystem is given by an URI's protocol prefix, such as `s3://`,
which specifies the S3 filesystem. Additional storage parameters may be required to 
access the data which can be provided by the settings `target_storage_options`, 
`temp_storage_options`, and `slice_storage_options` which must be given as dictionaries 
or JSON objects. The supported filesystems and their storage options are given by the 
[fsspec](https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/) package.

!!! tip
    You can use the `dry_run` setting to supress creation or modification of any files
    in the filesystem. This is useful for testing, e.g., make sure configuration is 
    valid and slice datasets can be read without errors. 

While the target dataset is being modified, a file lock is created used to effectively 
prevent concurrent dataset modifications. After successfully appending a complete slice

> dataset, the lock is removed the target. The lock file is written next to the target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dataset, the lock is removed from the target. The lock file is written next to the target
```

hence temporary files must be written, e.g., to record required rollback actions and to
save backup files with the original data. The location of the temporary transaction 
files can be configured using the optional `temp_dir` and `temp_storage_options`
settings:

```json
{
    "temp_dir": "memory://temp"
}
```
The default value for `temp_dir` is your operating system's location for temporary 
data (Python `tempfile.gettempdir()`). 

You can disable transaction management by specifying

```json
{
    "disable_rollback": true
}
```

### Target Dataset

The `target_dir` setting is mandatory. If it is not specified in the configuration,
it must be passed either as `--target` or `-t` option to the `zappend` command or as 
`target_dir` keyword argument when using the `zappend` Python function.

If the target path is given for another filesystem, additional storage options may be 
passed using the optional `target_storage_options` setting. 

```json
{
    "target_dir": "s3://wqservices/cubes/chl-2023.zarr",
    "target_storage_options": {
        "anon": false,
        "key": "...",
        "secret": "...",
        "endpoint_url": "https://s3.acme.org"
    }
}
```

### Slice Datasets

> If the slice paths passed to the `zappend` tool are given as URIs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the slice paths passed to the `zappend` tool are given as URIs,
```

    } 
}
```

Or use default polling:

```json
{
    "slice_polling": true 
}
```

### Slice Sources

Using the `zappend` command, slice dataset are provided as local filesystem paths 
or by paths into other filesystems in case the slice datasets are provided by a URI.
This section describes additional options to pass slice datasets to the `slices`
argument of the [`zappend`](api.md) Python function.

#### `xarray.Dataset`

In-memory slice objects can be passed as [xarray.Dataset](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/generated/xarray.Dataset.html) objects. 
Such objects may originate from opening datasets from some storage 

```python
import xarray as xr

slice_obj = xr.open_dataset(slice_store, ...) 
```

or by composing, aggregating, resampling slice datasets from other datasets and 
data variables. To allow for out-of-core computation of large datasets [Dask arrays](https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/array.html)
are used by both `xarray` and `zarr`. As a dask array may represent complex and/or 
expensive processing graphs, high CPU loads and memory consumption are common issues
for computed slice datasets, especially if the specified target dataset chunking is 

> different from the slice dataset chunking. This may cause that Dask graphs are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different from the slice dataset chunking. This may cause Dask graphs to be 
```

computed multiple times if the source chunking overlaps multiple target chunks, 

> potentially causing large resource overheads while recomputing and/or reloading same 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
potentially causing large resource overheads while recomputing and/or reloading the same
```

In such cases it can help to "terminate" such computations for each slice by 
persisting the computed dataset first and then to reopen it. This can be specified 
using the `persist_mem_slice` setting: 

```json
{
    "persist_mem_slice": true
}
```

If the flag is set, in-memory slices will be persisted to a temporary Zarr before 
appending them to the target dataset. It may prevent expensive re-computation of chunks 
at the cost of additional i/o. It therefore defaults to `false`.

#### `zappend.api.SliceSource`

Often, you want to perform some custom cleanup after a slice has been processed, i.e.,
appended to the target dataset. In this case you can write your own 
`zappend.api.SliceSource` by implementing its `get_dataset()` and `dispose()`
methods. Slice source instances are supposed to be created by _slice factories_,
see below.

#### `zappend.api.FileObj`

An alternative to providing the slice dataset as path or URI is using the `FileObj` 
class, which combines a URI with dedicated filesystem storage options.

```python
from zappend.api import FileObj

slice_obj = FileObj(slice_uri, storage_options=dict(...)) 
```

#### `zappend.api.SliceFactory`

> A slice factory is a function that provides receives a processing context of type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A slice factory is a function that receives a processing context of type
```
